Describe web Gantt (#106)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-web/articles/grid.md

legacyId: 4854
---
# Grid

> This section describes the Grid control's capabilities. It represents data in a tabular form, supports data editing, sorting, grouping, filtering, summary calculation, column resizing, data exporting and using data cell bands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes Grid control capabilities. A grid represents data in tabular form, and supports data editing, sorting, grouping, filtering, summary calculation, column resizing, data export and data cell bands.
```
